Add ZI install (#644)
sindresorhus/pure: readme.md

zinit light sindresorhus/pure
```

> ### [zi](https://wiki.zshell.dev)

Reviewer: Would you mind removing `zinit` above as well? Zi seems to be the continuation of `zinit` (which is no more).

Author: I think that we can keep zinit and zi together, even if zi and zinit are forked from zdharma/zinit.

Reviewer: Ok, if it's still in use then that's fine. 👍🏻

> Update your `.zshrc` file with the following two lines (order matters):

Reviewer 2: Needs updating

> Update your `.zshrc` file with the following two lines (order matters):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update your `.zshrc` file with the following line:
```

```sh
zi light-mode for @sindresorhus/pure
```

> See [https://wiki.zshell.dev/community/gallery/collection/themes#thp-sindresorhuspure] for more

Reviewer 2: Use a titled link
